INSTALLATION OF PYTHON AND DEPENDENCIES: (SKIP IF YOU HAVE EXE VERSION)
    Step 1 :- Download python from https://www.python.org/
    Step 2 :- Install python by giving all the requested permission (Remember to check all the checkboxes shown while installation and most importantly check the checkbox which says Add "python to path" in initial installation stage)
    Step 3 :- Open the directory where you have installed Zubia and open cmd in same directory.
    Step 4 :- Paste the following command and hit enter and just wait until the process completes. Command: pip install pyttsx3 speechrecognition torch numpy nltk wikipedia googletrans pywhatkit wikipedia selenium pyqt5 pyqt5-tools opencv-python wmi
    Step 5 :- In cmd enter the following command and hit enter after each command
              Command 1: python
              Command 2: import nltk
              Command 3: nltk.download("punkt")
              Command 4: exit()
    Step 6 :- Restart your computer


VOICE SETUP:
    STEP 1: Navigate to windows setting. Search for speech and navigate for speech setting. Select language English (India). Below select Microsoft Zira in voices section. If the options for English (United States) and voice of Zira is not avavilable, then in windows setting navigate to Time and Language. Then navigate to Language and region. From here Add language English (United States). After download click for install by checking all the chexckBoxes. After doing so just RESTART your PC and perform above step.
    STEP 2: If Zira voice still not available then just follow these steps listed on https://www.thewindowsclub.com/unlock-extra-text-to-speech-voices-in-windows
    STEP 3: Now just restart your PC
    STEP 4: Now run setUp.py and choose option for set voice i.e option number 1. If everything is fine it will automatically fetch voice.
    STEP 5: Experiment with all the other values in voice to get better speech output as your requirement or keep it as default. Remember not to change index of voice in config file.
    STEP 6: If you have made any changes in config file manually the just run setUp and select option number 5 in order to load it.


STEPS TO ADD INSTALLED APPS TO AI DATABASE:
    Step 1 :- Find the launcher exe path of the app you want to open via AI. If you don't know how to find the path then just visit https://youtu.be/T-lA4A9l_hQ
    Step 2 :- Ask AI to add apps by saying "Add apps to database"
    Step 3 :- Then it will ask to enter name of the app. Enter the name of app you want to add. Then hit Enter
    Step 4 :- Then it will ask to enter the path of launcher. Enter the path and hit enter
    Step 5 :- Again it will ask to enter name of app. If you want to add more apps then continue the same procedure else enter exit


STEPS TO DELETE APPS FROM AI DATABASE:
    Step 1 :- Ask AI to delete app by saying "Remove apps from database"
    Step 2 :- It will ask name of the app you want to delete. Enter the name of the app. (Remember the name of the app should be exactly same as name entered while adding app)
    Step 3 :- If you want to exit deleting mode then just write exit and hit enter.


STEPS TO GET GOOGLE AI API:
    Step 1 :- Visit https://makersuite.google.com/waitlist
    Step 2 :- Select Country/region as yours else select India
    Step 3 :- In profession select Student (compulsory)
    Step 4 :- In intensd select "others"
    Step 5 :- Wait for the time you get email from google regarding api
    Step 6 :- After you revieve email from google visit the link i Step 1 again and as page load select on get started
    Step 7 :- There will be 3 boxes, Click the Create button in box of Chat prompt (Compulsory)
    Step 8 :- In your left hand side on screen there will be a key like icon click there
    Step 9 :- Generate your API key there and copy it
    Step 10 :- Run setup app and select option 5. It will ask to enter api key, paste your api key there and hit enter, Now you are good to use Zubia AI

NOTE:
    1. Always run setup for initializing the changes you made to any file
    2. Stay updated on github for new releases with more improvement features